Weapons of McGrady/Slavicksek and a Request for help.
Located in Renton, Washington, this firm specializes in the creation of fully functional weapons based on famous Fiction weapons (although several of their other designs are just weapons resembling said famous Fiction weapons).

Mc Grady/Slavicsek LAGS-1/LAGS-2 Sword/Knife/Blaster.
=Damage: 1d8 (Slashing)/3d8 (Fire) (Sword Version)
1d4 (Piercing)/2d8 (Fire) (Knife Version).
=Critical: 19-20 (Sword/Knife)/20 (Lasers).
=Range Increment: 10 ft (If thrown-Knife), --- (sword), 80 feet (Laser-Sword Version), 40 Feet (Laser-Knife version).
=Rate of Fire: S.
=Size: Small (Knife), Medium (Sword).
=Magazine: 50 box.
=Weight: 2 lb (Knife), 4 lb (Sword).
=Purchase DC: 21 (Knife), 23 (Sword).
=Restriction: Licensed (+1)
=Feats required: Simple Weapons Proficiency, Archaic Weapons Proficiency (Knife/Sword), Personal Firearms Proficiency (Laser).

There has been a lot of reverse engineering by the Reals going on, especially considering that a lot of fiction weapons and gear were not designed to stand the rigors of living in a warzone like this place (well, some of them HAD, but those are rare-whether this is a blessing or a curse is a subject open to debate). Consider this weapon, for example, just released in limited quantities by the recently-formed Mc Grady/Slavicsek Weapons Co. They have based themselves on the design of the weapon used by the Luxan warrior Ka D’Argo from the series “Farscape”, created a longsword with an incorporated hidden laser capacitor, and then went further by miniaturizing the design to a standard combat knife. It has mainly been bought by Farscape fans, weapons collectors and some eccentric adventurers.
SPECIAL RULES: The LAGS-1 and -2 can only be used as melee weapons or ranged weapons at any given time. Deploying the laser capacitor is done by “splitting” the blade in two, making a melee attack with them awkward at best. (Opening or closing is done as a move action). The lasers cannot fire when the blade is ‘closed’.
The energy weapons have been slightly reduced in size to accommodate the design specifics, and so require special miniaturized power packs for their use (Purchase DC 10).

Mc Grady/Slavicsek WHP-1 BlasterStaff.
=Damage: 1d6/1d6 (Bludgeoning-Staff), 3d8 (Fire-Laser).
=Critcal: 20 (Staff), 20 (Lasr).
=Range Increment: --- (Staff), 40 Feet (Laser).
=Rate Of Fire: S.
=Size Small/Medium.
=Magazine: 50 int.
=Weight: 4 lb.
=Purchase DC: 24.
=Restriction: Restricted (+2).

And they’ve done it again, this time basing themselves on the design of the High Guard Force Lance (of course, they’ll readily deny it if they have to). The small blaster is of a practical size, packing a respectable punch and a peculiar sense of versatility in the fact you can extend it into a melee weapon for when you have to smack people silly.
It looks like a sort of hi-tech flashlight with two buttons. The first one is the trigger for the internal laser system, while the second one extends/retracts and locks the two sections of the staff into place. So far, it has been mostly marketed to the police (especially UCs) and the common adventurer who wants one gizmo-filled weapon.
RULES: The WHP-1 BlasterStaff requires two feats for its use: The Simple Weapons Proficiency (for the staff) and the Personal Firearms Proficiency (for the laser). The staff (when deployed) is a double weapon. You can fight with it as if fighting with two weapons, but you incur all the normal penalties associated with fighting with two weapons as if you wielded a one-handed weapon and a light weapon (see Attacking with Two Weapons in the D20M Combat section). The staff must be extended for you to do melee attacks. The laser can be used whether the staff is extended or retracted, and requires a specialized miniaturized power pack (Purchase DC 13). A small hatch on the staff must be opened to replace the power pack (a full-round action), and the power pack needs to have at least one shot left for the extending system to function.

Mc Grady/Slavicsek will also add a DNA recognition device, stun blast module, variable charge and self-destruct device (3d6 concussion damage, 10ft. blast radius, Reflex DC 15, Purchase DC 12) as special orders if the customer wants so.

EDIT: I needed also some help statting some vehicles from this website. They are somewhat vague in actual stats and everything, but well... wild guesses were appreciated (don't own D20F-Tech, so don't know if they have expanded starship rules there and by how much).

The ships on the site (or, well, some of them) would be originally Solnoid designs, but later replicated by a number of Coreline corporations and government agencies, aside from seeing action as UNSC (United Nations Space Consortium) gear.





-Stingray Industries "Slammer"
-.50 Action Express Autoloader.

-Damage:2d8 (.50 AE).
-Critical: 20
-Damage Type: Ballistic.
-Range Increment: 50 feet.
-Rate of Fire: S.
-Magazine: 14 box.
-Size: Medium.
-Weight: 8lb.
-Purchase DC: 20.
-Restriction: Lic (+1).

Stingray Industries' latest foray in the combat handgun market is distictive, to say the least.
Built from the frame of the AMT .44 Automag (licensed by the company), it has been modified with a double-stacked magazine and slightly longer barrel and a factory-installed recoil compensator, giving it more accuracy and a slightly longer range than its parent gun. The "Slammer" is also equipped with an underbarrel accesory rail.
Although it has not seen a lot of purchasing by the police/military market, it has seen it in the adventuring market, particularly because of pop culture (a few of Coreline's newest series 're-inventions' had seen it being used, such as in the hands of NBC's 'Slayers' character Zelgadyss Greywords).

RULES: The 'Slammer' is equipped with the Expanded Magazine and Improved Range Gadgets.



Two new Weapons for the Setting-courtesy of SalCo:

Salusian Company ‘Stormhammer’ Disk Launcher.
-Rail-Impulsed Disk Launcher.

Damage: 2d8.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Slashing/Concussion.
Range Increment: 50 ft.
Rate of Fire: Single.
Magazine: 10 Int.
Size: Large.
Weight: 10 lb.
Purchase DC: 20.
Restriction: Res (+2).
Special Rules: All damage created by the Stormhammer is half Concussion, half Slashing (direct hit) and Concussion (when on the blast radius). The explosion of the disks is of a 5 ft. Radius, Reflex DC 10. The Stormhammer’s design grants its user a +1 to Intimidation rolls.

The ‘Stormhammer’ is one of SalCo’s first Coreline-manufactured weapons systems. It utilizes a maglev drive to fire aerodynamically-shaped, sharpened, explosives-filled disks towards its target. In order to fire another shot, the user must rack back the weapon’s bolt between each shot. This action also resets the rail accelerator. It has been adopted by a number of adventurers and military experimental weapons squads (its military designation is ‘Spinfusor’).
As usual of a SalCo design, the Stormhammer is made with an excessive interest in intimidation value.
The Stormhammer ammunition costs Purchase DC 5 per a box of 10 disks.


Salusian Company SHL-612 Laser Cannon
-Anti-Vehicular Laser Cannon.

Damage: 4d10.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Fire.
Range Increment: 200 ft.
Rate of Fire: Single.
Magazine: 1 Box.
Size: Huge.
Weight: 25 lb.
Purchase DC:
Restriction: Mil (+3).
Special Rules: Blasts of the SHL-612 have a blast radius of 5 ft. (Reflex DC 15). They also ignore up to 10 points of hardness of any target that gets hit directly. The SHL-612’s design grants its user a +2 in Intimidation rolls.

Confused by some as a missile launcher until it fires, the Super-Heavy Laser model 612 is seen by many Salusians to be the ultimate development in laser technology. The rest of Coreline sees it as an exercise in overkill.
Fired over the shoulder just like a rocket launcher, the SHL-612 expends the entire power of its especially designed power pack in one heavily concentrated, barely-controlled blast of laser energy. It’s also scary-looking enough to force people to surrender with just being in the field-or so SalCo technicians say. Currently, it’s seeing field testing by specialized heavy weapons squads all over Coreline.
The heavy power packs for the SHL-612 cost Purchase DC 16 (Res: Mil (+3)).



Name:  Hellsing ARMS454 Casull Auto 'Joshua'
Calibre: .454 Casull (11.53x35mm)
Ammunition: Silver Explosive
Made by: Hellsing Arms Weapons Industrials Co. Ltd.
Used by: Arucard

Joshua is the first custom handgun made by Hellsing, specifically designed by Walter. It's essentially a very big gun handgun, with a length of 39cm. It's chambered for the mighty .454 Casull round, which finds use primarily in hunting large game, such as deer and bears. Of course, these bullets are special, being made out of silver obtained from melted holy relics, with an exploding property as well, making for a rather devestating cartridge against the legions of the night. The clips only hold about six bullets, seven with a shell in the chamber.

Name: Hellsing ARMS 13mm Auto 'Jackal'
Calibre: 13mm
Used by: Arucard

Jackal was made after Arucard's first encounter with Anderson - in fact, it likely was specifically designed with him in mind, considering the 'Jesus Christ is in Heaven, Now!' engraved on the side. Though the gun looks essentially the same, with the same overall length of 39cm, it's radically different, being made from pure silver, weighing 16kg. Obviously, no human could possibly use this gun. The breech also faces the left, instead of the right, though its clips can hold the same amount of bullets that Joshua's are capable of. The bullets are different as well, being a slightly bigger 13mm, with a gold casing, a reinforced core for armor penetration, and each bullet being baptized. Of course, they still share the same explosive quality.

Joshua and Jackal benefit from a +2 enchantment and boast a clip of infinite, high explosive rounds (as the author himself described the guns as flashy cosmoguns with a gagilion shots ) whose very nature give the weapons the Holy property (effectively dealing +2d6 points of Holy damage to anything with an allegiance to Evil). Furthermore, if these guns successfully score a hit on any undead, the creature must succeed at a Fortitude save (DC 15) or immediately be destroyed.

Damage: 3d8 +2d6 vs. Evil
Critical: 20
Damage Type: Ballistic
Range Increment: 60 ft.
Rate of Fire: S
Magazine: Special*
Size: Medium
Weight: 6 lbs.
Purchase DC: 60


New Weapon: Rainbow Blasters.

Damage: 2d6.
Critical: 20.
Type: Energy/Special* (*: Read Weapon Description).
Range: 50 ft.
ROF: A.
Magazine: 25 int.
Size: Large.
Weight: 10 lb.
DC: 25.
Restriction: Restricted (+3).

A prototype weapon developed out of reverse-engineering the technology behind the Rainbow Belt, the Rainbow Blasters are still in their field test stages, but have become an important part of the CHLF’s teams (although,atmittedly, it was rushed to the battlefield). Their design is believed by some to have been made with the CHLF’s agents in mind-goofy, so to lower people’s guards.
The Rainbow Blasters are large and clunky energy accelerators that are worn like a backpack, joined by cables to a rifle-like device. This rifle-like device focuses the accelerator’s energy thru a large Color Crystal, firing off a coherent, semi-controlled beam of light that will create an additional effect, depending of the Color Crystal that is exposed. A small carousel of large Color Crystals is affixed to the front of the ‘rifle’, so the user can select the appropriate effect when required. Since the accelerator was designed to reflect the Rainbow Belt’s powers, it is powered by small processed Color Crystals as well, which must be loaded inside the accelerator thru a small chute on top of the backpack.
RULES: Switching between Color Crystals is move action. Once done, all shots will create an additional effect (all blasts do 2d6 Energy damage).

COLOR------EFFECT.
Blue Cold damage. Additionally, if the target is hit at least twice, he receives an additional 1d3 temporary Dex damage (duration: 1d4 rounds).

Red Fire damage. All fire rules apply.

Yellow. Electricity damage. Additionally, the target must roll a Reflex save (DC 10) or be blinded (duration: 1d4 rounds).

Orange. Concussion damage. Additionally, if hit, the target must roll a Reflex save (DC 15) or be knocked prone.

Green. Acid damage. The target must roll a Dexterity save (DC 15) or be paralyzed (duration: 1d4 rounds).

Violet The target must roll a Fortitude save (DC 15) or be nauseated (duration: 1d4 rounds).

Indigo Sonic damage. The target must roll a Fortitude save (DC 15) or be deafened (duration: 1d4 rounds).

The weapon must be reloaded by opening a small chute on top of the backpack accelerator and filling it with Color Crystals (two full-round actions).


-Grenade, Nuclear (PL7/8)

Damage: Special*
Critical:--
Damage Type: Fire/Concussion/Special*
Burst Radius: 20 ft.
Reflex DC: 18.
Range Increment: 10 ft.
Size: Medium
Weight: 3 lb.
Purchase DC:---*
Restriction:---*
(*:Read description for further rules).

A standing ovation to Man's love for excessive destruction. Stressed Techium in this thermonuclear device's casing dampens its blast products, keeping the chain reaction within a tightly contained area. A custom-made isotope core ensures that radiation levels will drop to tolerance levels moments after the explosion.
The Nuclear Grenade is a dull grey cylinder 8 inches (20 cm) long and 2 inches (5 cm) wide, equipped with a switch and a tiny twist dial. The dial sets the grenade to explode from 6 seconds (1 round) to a minute (10 rounds).

Once detonated, the powerful explosion of the nuclear core creates heat and a powerful concussion blast over a 5-foot burst radius (2d10 dmg on the radius, half fire, half concussion). This blast is reduced as it does further, to 2d8 on a 10-foot radius, 2d6 on a 15-foot radius, and 2d4 on a 20-foot radius.

The Nuclear Grenade also releases a wave of radiation over its total burst radius. All characters on the 5-foot radius must make a Fortitude roll as if exposed to Moderate radiation (DC 18), characters on the 10 to 15-foot radius must roll as if exposed to Low radiation (DC 15), and characters on the 15 to 20-foot radius must roll as if exposed to Mild radiation (DC 12).

Finally, the Nuclear Grenade releases a powerful Electro-Magnetic pulse over a 20-foot area. This is resolved as with the EMP Grenade (D20F Environment and Gear rules, respectively).
The cloud of radiation will "die off" within 5 rounds after detonation.

This grenade is a top-secret experiment from an unknown dimension, and as such, it is both outlawed and (for the moment) nearly impossible to replicate. Finding just one of these could be the seed for an adventure, probably on a crashed ship or a Redoubt.

-DiggersTech M-235 "Rico" Mini-Rocket Launcher Rifle.

-Damage: Varies*
-Critical: 20
-Damage Type: Varies* (*: Depending on ammunition).
-Range Increment: 150 Feet.
-Rate of Fire: S.
-Magazine: 10 Int.
-Size: Large.
-Weight: 9 lb.
-Purchase DC: 26
-Restriction: Mil (+3).

The DiggersTech Weapons M-235 "Rico" is the natural evolution in mini-rocket launchers: a semi-automatic weapon roughly the size of an M4 carbine. The "Rico" packs 10 mini-rockets in an internal magazine that must be loaded shotgun-style (Full-round action). It is-at the time-marketed to the government, that has classifed the Rico as an "anti-sniper weapon".
Not that it hasn't stopped its use in some OTHER ways....

-Bio-Etheric Laser ("Ghost-Blasters")

The development of the Bio-Etheric Laser system was made by the CEO Alternate of Dr. Gina Diggers, after the research notes of a Dr. Aki Ross and a Dr. Sid LeFebre. In the research, it is said that ghosts and ghost-like beings function because they feed off the environment's biological energy (what we would call Chi, Ki or Chakra), as a siphon, in minute quantities A Bio-Etheric Laser fires highly concentrated packets of said energy, making the ghost overload and "spontaneously combust". Even massive beings made of this energy (and that had managed to discover how to increase their absorption rate) are bound to "choke" if fed at an accelerated rate.
It wasn't long before companies like DiggersTech, SalCo. and Stingray Industries started to develop weaponry based on this development. The following two weapons are standard Bio-Etheric weapons that could come off any assembly line.

-Bio-Etheric Laser Pistol: 3d8 (2d8 if the target isn't a ghost)-20-Energy*-40 ft.-S-50 box-Med-3 lb.-19- Lic (+2).
-Bio-Etheric Laser Rifle: 4d8 (3d8)-20-Energy*-80 ft.-S,A-50 box-Large-8 lb.-20-Res (+2).
*These weapons deal a damage of a nonspecific energy type that is not subject to energy resistance. As easily seen, it delivers an additional dice of damage to "ghost" targets. (Undead, Fey, Outsiders, Elementals, some kinds of Aberrations, Constructs and Magical Beasts).

Depending on the company, there’s some modifications. For example, DiggersTech’s ‘Ghost Blasters’ all come with an integral Variable Charge Gadget, SalCo.’s comes with the Efficient Burst Gadget (and the standard +1 to Intimidation rolls), and Stingray Industries’ comes with the Expanded Magazine and Rangefinding Laser Scope Gadgets.


HAKUBI CUSTOMS "BERSERKER" COMBAT SHOTGUN.
DAMAGE: 2d8 (Shotgun);Varies* (GL).
CRITICAL: 20.
DAMAGE TYPE: Ballistic (Shotgun); Varies* (GL).
RANGE INCREMENT: 40 ft. (Shotgun); 50 ft (GL).
RATE OF FIRE: Single, S (Shotgun); Single (GL).
MAGAZINE: 7 Int. (Shotgun); 4 Int. (GL).
SIZE: Large.
WEIGHT: 14 lb.
PURCHASE DC: 23.
RESTRICTION: Res (+2).
(*: Depending on Ammunition).

One of the earliest weapon modifications created by Washu Hakubi, the "Berserker" was created for heavy Close Quarters Combat and additional combat versatility for an adventurer or CQC team member.
It is a Franchi SPAS-12 shotgun with an additional mini-grenade launcher on the pump-action grip, giving it a distinct bulk like an oversized flashlight. It has been purchsed mainly by adventurers, but a small number has also appeared in hands of Office agent teams and F-SWTI.
RULES: Switching between the shotgun and the grenade launcher is a free action, but only one weapon can be used per turn. Recharging the grenade launcher is a one-at-a-time affair, and takes a full action.

HAKUBI CUSTOMS "GABRIEL" DUAL SMG.
-DAMAGE: 2d6/2d6.
-CRITICAL: 20/20.
-DAMAGE TYPE: BALLISTIC/BALLISTIC.
-RANGE INCREMENT: 50 ft./50 ft.
-RATE OF FIRE: S,A. /S,A.
-MAGAZINE: 34 Box/34 Box.
-SIZE: Large.
-WEIGHT: 12 lb.
-PURCHASE DC: 22.
-RESTRICTION: Lic (+1).
The "Gabriel" is a custom-designed replica by Washu, based on the machinegun wielded by "Sakura Wars" character Erica Fontaine.
It is a rifle mount wielding two Sterling L2 sub-machine guns, mounted side-by-side. The modifications to them include a slight size reduce, a reversed feed (so one of the Sterlings is loaded from the right side), Uzi-style ammo clips and an only trigger assembly (so both Sterlings fire simultaneously).
A limited edition of the "Gabriel" comes in a special case with an authentication certificate and picture signed by Washu and Erica (Purchase Dc 25, no extra game benefits-maybe a bonus to Rep when amongst other "Sakura Wars" fans, GM call).
-RULES: The "Gabriel" is a linked weapon, when the character fires, he fires both Strlings simultaneously.
Only one attack roll is made for the weapon, Autofire attacks are rolled as one weapon only. If the weapon hits, damage is rolled separately. Criticals apply as normal.

HAKUBI CUSTOMS "FONTAINE SPECIAL".
-DAMAGE: 2d6.
-CRITICAL: 20.
-DAMAGE TYPE: Ballistic.
-RANGE INCREMENT: 40 ft.
-RATE OF FIRE: S, A.
-MAGAZINE: 30 Box/30 Box.
-SIZE: Large.
-WEIGHT: 8 Lb.
-PURCHASE DC: 22.
-RESTRICTION: Lic (+1).
Still based on the "Gabriel" machinegun, the weapon has been designed with more conventional tactics in mind (regardless of actual target), more rugged and with only one barrel that feeds on two ammo clips.
The design is produced by Washu and by Japan-based Kanzaki Heavy Industries, which has been licensed for production. The Kanzaki design, named "Erica", is the same except that the gun has a matte-black finish and is equipped with a red-dot laser and reflex sights.
RULES: This weapon has the Variable Ammunition Gadget added to it, and so cannot be added again.

Psi-Sword
=Damage: 2d8
=Critical: 19-20
=Damage Type: Energy.
=Range: ---
=Size: Medium.
=Weight: 2 lbs.
=Purchase DC: 21
=Restriction: Licensed (+2)
An ancient weapon designed by the same race that designed the lost ships, the ‘LU’-verse’s version of the Ancients. It is, in appearance, a slim cylindrical hilt with a forked end where the ‘blade’ would be. Once activated, the Psi-Sword projects a three-foot-long self-contained beam of amplified psychic energy, taken directly from the user.
Because of this, the character must have access to psionic energy (thru the Wild Talent feat or a psi implant) for the sword to work. If used as a plain sword, no other thing is required (other than knowing how to wield it, for that Exotic Melee Weapon Proficiency (Psi-Sword) is required).
The user, however, can focus his strength of will into the Psi-Sword, making it create some pretty nifty tricks. By expending power points, the user can do the following ‘stunts’ with the Sword. Take in mind that they must be declared (and the power points expended) by the beginning of the user’s turn.
-Laser blast: The sword retains an amount of energy within the emitter and throws it out in a forceful blast. This energy blast is 2d8 damage (fire), with a range increment of 40 feet. The abruptness it leaves the emitter, though, is such that the user must be braced or risk being thrown 2d6 feet in the opposite direction. (Power point usage: 2).
-Extend Sword: The user can force the energy blade to become bigger, thus giving him reach. The blade can be extended to be 4 feet long, giving reach and a +1 bonus to strike (but reducing the damage to 1d8), and then (if required) additional feet. The damage is still 1d8, and although it does give the character longer reach, it cannot strike nearby enemies. This move can become straining to maintain over long durations. (Power Point Usage: 2 (for extending to 4 feet), 1 (per additional foot of reach), 1 power point to maintain per round).
The Psi-Sword ignores half of effective hardness of inanimate targets, and one-half of the bonuses provided by armor, natural armor, and/or shields (except those created by psychic energy).
The Psi-Sword is hard-to-find relic of a long-dead civilization, and thus a highly-sought-after weapon for its sheer historical value (the Purchase DC given is for the ease of calculating whether a character can start with it or not).

"YIPPING DOOM" BIO-GRENADE.
An outlawed weapon, it is described as 'fun' by its creators-and the sadists that use them.
The "Yipping Doom" is a small dog mass-cloned from stock genetic material (typically terriers, although there's also German Shepherds and Chihuahuas on this mix) and genetically modified with a small pouch of highly volatile gasses on its belly. This pouch remain inert until the pre-set "pin" is set off, then the dog will get a powerful case of the hiccups (which makes the signature "Yip!" sound, and mixes the air it breathes with the gasses) and some 12 seconds later will explode in a powerful fireball.
-STATS: Use the stats for a Small Dog (pg. 234 of the D20M rulebook, the "Friends and Foes" section), adding the following Special Quality (SQ):
--GAS POUCH (EX): The dog has a small pouch of volatile gasses on its belly. This pouch remains inert until the biogrenade "pin" is released (usually by pulling hard on its ears or giving a voice order). The dog will then get the hiccups and explode 2 rounds later. This explosion does 4d6 (fire) damage over a 20-ft. radius (Reflex DC 15), and kills the dog.
It increases its CR to 1.


A new Weapon.

=Hellfire Shotgun.
=Damage: 2d6 (Fire)/3d6 (fire).
=Critical: 20.
=Range Increment: 20 ft. Maximum/30 ft. Maximum.
=Rate Of Fire: S.
=Magazine: 12 Cyl/5 Int.
=Size: Large.
=Weight: 13 lb.
=Purchase DC: 24.
=Restriction: Miltary (+3).
A (by popular belief) highly violent weapon, created for one reason only: to disperse fire on tactical close combat situations, whether to destroy targets that are vulnerable to fire or to flush enemies out of entrenched positions. The “Hellfire” shotgun is a revolver shotgun (usually a Reutech Protecta, although other shotguns have been used), with its action, ammo cassette and barrel modified to constantly fire Dragon shells. Also, a ‘secondary’ miniature flamethrower has been added as an underbarrel weapon.
The ‘Hellfire Shotgun’ has been heavily used by numerous adventuers and Post-Vanishing tactical units, most notably the London F-SWTI.
=RULES: The Hellfire Shotgun can only fire Dragon shells out of its shotgun part. Dragon shells create a 5-foot-wide, 20-foot-long cone of fire (DC 15 Reflex save for half damage), and the underbarrel flamethrower creates a 5-foot-wide, 30-foot-long cone of flame (DC 20 Reflex save). Only one weapon can be fired per round. Targets who get hit with this weapon have a chance of catching on fire, as per normal rules.
The flamethrower can shoot 5 times before its fuel supply is depleted, after which its fuel canister must be replaced. These cost 11 DC.


 	
  #138   Report Post  
Old 06-26-06, 09:35 AM
marcoasalazarm's Avatar 	
marcoasalazarm marcoasalazarm is offline
Member

	  	
Join Date: Mar 2004
Location: San Jose, Costa Rica
Default
M.A.N.T.A. (PL 8): This object is an apparent hybrid of human and alien technology, impossible to duplicate, from a universe with lunar colonies. It is a Transport Disk, made fully out of a substance that is as pliable as rubber and that seems to glow blue from its insides. As thick as a piece of cardboard, it can be folded into a square 3 inches thick, and unfolded into a disk 5 feet wide.
MANTA disks come in packs of two, preset for instant teleportation between each other, no matter their position (their actual range is unknown, but they can cover at least the Moon). The apparent lack of slots or ports of any kind make reprogramming impossible for now.
Purchase DC: --
Restriction: Military.

Genom Corporation “Pocket Betty”: One of the newest kinds of anti-personnel mines to appear on Post-Vanshing Earth (and some might say, one of the most sadistic), the “Pocket Betty” is a radio-detonated shrapnel mine.
The “sadistic” part comes from the fact that the Betty is equipped with an integral launcher, packing 4 additional shrapnel grenades.
Once triggered, the Betty fires all 4 grenades at one time, 90 degrees apart and 10 feet away, before exploding. The result is a massive killzone, as the grenades’ blast radius complements the Betty’s.
Damage: 5d6
Crit: ---
Damage Type: Slashing
Burst Radius: 10 ft.
Reflex DC: 15
Range Increment: ----
Size: Medium
Weight: 4 lb
Purchase DC: 24
Restriction: Mil (+3)


Two New Weapons (and here's to those who are 'Doom' lovers)

Mishima Heavy Industries XM-300 Minigun.
.30-cal. Light Minigun.

Damage: 2d10.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Ballistic.
Range Increment: 60 ft.
Rate of Fire: A.
Magazine: 90 Box.
Size: Large.
Weight: 17 lb.
Purchase DC: 23.
Restriction: Mil (+3).
The MHI’s newest forage into the field of Squad Automatic Weapons, the XM-300 is a full-blown minigun in a package the size of a more conventional SAW. Practical field application for this weapon is in suppressive fire and intimidation, as well as area denial. The XM-300 comes standard with a digital ammo display and forward flashlight. Squads assigned with the XM-300 usually equip it with a Kill-Cam as well.



Diggers Technologies Blast Field Gun Model 9000
Hyper-Energy Anti-SPB Infantry Weapon.

Damage: 3d10.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Energy*
Range Increment: 90 ft.
Rate of Fire: Single.
Magazine: 6 Int.
Size: Huge.
Weight: 17 lb.
Purchase DC: 26.
Restriction: Mil (+3).
(RULES: The BFG includes the Variable Charge and Voice Recognition Gadgets. Its design gives a +2 bonus in Intimidation rolls.
The explosion’s rules are the following: characters within its radius (20’) must make a Reflex save, DC 20, for half damage. Direct hits ignore up to 10 points of hardness. Special Cells for the BFG cost Purchase DC 19 for a pack of 3 (Res: Mil (+3), only in authorized DiggersTech retailers).

Diggers Weapons’ foray into the anti-Super-Powered Being weaponry field is an incredibly destructive and intimidating affair. It fires a glob of an unknown energy from storage in a specialized power cell, and the resulting explosion when it hits is bound to destroy all but the most tough of enemies-and even then, it is most certain that they will be shaken badly from the hit. The BFG’s capacitor system can be super-charged as well for even more damage, although this is an unstable element of the weapon.

All considered, there’s a number of bad points about the weapon: The glob of energy is slow, making it easy to dodge in flight (-5 DC to Dodge difficulty), and the explosion when it hits in deafeningly loud and flashy (Reflex save DC 15 to avoid being blinded and deafened for 1d6 rounds). The weapon doesn’t has a lot of ammo and it requires extensive training (Exotic Firearms Proficiency) to use in the field with effectiveness.

Actually, the Blast Field Gun (called 'Big (Insert 'F'-word of choice here) Gun' in the streets) is one of the most expensive, hard-to-get and most-surveilled weapons in Coreline. Diggers Weapons' CEO produces each version by hand, and solely sells them to the military. Any designated user is sent to DiggersTech's Atlanta offices to train with the weapon and provide his voice to the integral voice-recognition lock.
Reply With Quote

‘Freeman’ Series MP-5


As appears in the original ‘Half-Life’ videogame, this MP-5 comes with an integral underbarrel 40mm grenade launcher. Also integral to the weapon is a small flashlight in the side of the barrel (since, in her opinion, no sci-fi special forces unit worth its salt would NOT add a flashlight to its weapons).

(Note: Stats before the slash is the MP-5. Stats after the slash is the grenade launcher).
Damage: 2d6/By Grenade Type.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Ballistic/By Grenade Type
Range Increment: 50 ft./70 ft.
Rate of Fire: S,A./Single.
Magazine: 30 Box./1 Int.
Size: Large.
Weight: 9 lb.
Purchase DC: 24.
Restriction: Lic (+2).
(ADDITIONAL NOTES: The MP-5 is considered Mastercrafted (+1 to attack rolls). The MP-5 is equipped with a flashlight. The MP-5 is a silenced weapon).

‘Freeman’ Series MP-7 PDW.


Designed to replicate the looks of the Half-Life 2 Combine SMGs, this MP-7 is equipped with an internal one-shot mini-grenade launcher and red-dot tactical sight.

(Note: Stats before the slash is the MP-7. Stats after the slash is the grenade launcher).
Damage: 2d6/By Grenade Type.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Ballistic/By Grenade Type.
Range Increment: 70 ft./ 70 ft.
Rate of Fire: S,A./ Single.
Magazine: 40 Box./1 Int.
Size: Medium.
Weight:
Purchase DC: 25.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(ADDITIONAL NOTES: The MP-7 is equipped with a red-dot sight, giving +1 to attack rolls within 30 ft).

‘Freeman’ Series H&K USP Match.


The ‘Freeman’ modification to this USP Match pistol include superior rifling, a slightly extended barrel with venting holes, enabling for an extended range and better ballistics.

Damage: 2d6
Critical: 20
Damage Type: Ballistic
Range Increment: 50 ft.
Rate of Fire: S
Magazine: 18 box
Size: Medium.
Weight: 2 lb.
Purchase DC: 22.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(Notes: The ‘Freeman’ H&K UPS Match is Mastercrafed and has the Improved Range Gadget).

‘Freeman’ Series .357 Colt Python.


The ‘Freeman’ Series .357 Colt Python has a balanced length and what Washu calls ‘improved stopping power’, as well as improved machining. People who have bought this weapon have been known to use it as an impromptu sniping weapon.

Damage: 2d6 + Knockdown*
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Ballistic
Range Increment: 50 ft.
Rate of Fire: S.
Magazine: 6 cyl.
Size: Medium.
Weight: 3 lb.
Purchase DC: 20.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(*Knockdown: A character hit with a shot from the ‘Freeman’ .357 must make a DC10 + damage Reflex save or be knocked prone. Characters with more than two legs are exempt).
The ‘Freeman’ .357 Magnum is sold with an add-on telescopic sight, is Mastercrafted and has the Improved Range Gadget.

‘Freeman’ Series Franchi SPAS-12 Shotgun.


The ‘Freeman’ Series SPAS-12 is equipped with an alternate fire mode that shoots 2 shells at the same time. With increased hitting and stopping power, the rate of fire slows, since it requires switching to pump-action mode.

Damage: 2d8 (Secondary Fire: 4d8 + Knockdown).
Critical: 20
Damage Type: Ballistic.
Range Increment: 40 ft.
Rate of Fire: Single, S.
Magazine: 7 int.
Size: Large
Weight: 10 lb.
Purchase DC: 19.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(Knockdown: A character hit with a shot from the secondary fire mode must make a DC10 + damage Reflex save or be knocked prone. Characters with more than two legs are exempt. Secondary Fire is Single ROF only, and uses 2 shots).

‘Freeman’ Series Crossbow.


This conventional crossbow has been modified with a specialized electronic heating system. Combined with specialized bolts made of conductive material, it can set things on fire or burn an enemy (that is, if it's still standing after getting a crossbow bolt to the face).

Damage: 1d10.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Piercing.
Range Increment: 40 ft.
Rate of Fire: 1.
Magazine: 1 Int.
Size: Medium.
Weight: 8 lb.
Purchase DC: 12
Restriction: Res (+2).
(Note: the crossbow is equipped with a telescopic scope).
(Additional Note: The heating system, once activated, deals an additional 1d6 of Fire damage. The heating system is powered by a conventional power pack, and lasts for up to 50 arrows’ worth. The conductive quivers have a cost of PDC 9 for a package of 12).


SAMPLE EL-HAZARD WEAPONS:
The following weapons have been found on locations dug throughout El-Hazard, the apparent products of the Final War (whether produced during the Final War, sometime before or even if by the Ancient El-Hazardians at all, it is unknown). The weapons are all powered by a power pack composed of energy crystals that were, apparently, manufactured on El-Hazard labs. The rarity of the crystals and unknown (at least for now) method of manufacturing them makes every pack a rare, worth-killing-for commodity (at least, in El-Hazardian circles).

El-Hazard Plasma Rifle



Damage: 2d10.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Energy.
Range Increment: 80 ft.
Rate Of Fire: S, A.
Magazine: 100 Box.
Size: Medium.
Weight: 12 lbs.
Purchase DC: 22.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(NOTES: The Plasma Rifle deals damage of a non-specific energy type that is not subject to energy resistance. This weapon is Mastercrafted, doing a +1 to all attack rolls).

The standard-issue assault rifle of the Ancient El-Hazardian military, this weapon is composed of biologically-looking components enclosed in a lightweight purple metal casing, with a maw-like barrel end. The weapon is loaded by the ‘pistol’ grip with an energy crystal pack. The weapon’s blasts appear to be blue, liquid-like plasma.

El-Hazard Plasma Pistol



Damage: 2d6.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Energy.
Range Increment: 60 ft.
Rate of Fire: S, Charge*.
Magazine: 100 Box.
Size: Small.
Weight: 4 lbs.
Purchase DC: 20.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(NOTES: The Plasma Rifle deals damage of a non-specific energy type that is not subject to energy resistance. The weapon is considered to have the Variable Charge Gadget.
*Charge Shot: A user of a plasma pistol can spend 1 round charging the pistol. The user can fire as early as the next round. A charged plasma pistol shot deals 4d10 damage. A charged shot drains 10 charges from the battery.)

Apparently, it was the standard sidearm of the El-Hazardian Military. The weapon resembles a bio-organic taser with elongated contact prongs (it’s jokingly called ‘the toy claw’ by some people). The pistol’s blasts appear like green plasma orbs, that become bigger the more charged-up the weapon is.

El-Hazard Needler Weapon.



Damage: 2d6.
Critical: 20.
Damage Type: Piercing/Energy.
Range Increment: 60 ft.
Rate of Fire: S, Auto.
Magazine: 20 Box.
Size: Medium.
Weight: 10 lbs.
Purchase DC: 20.
Restriction: Res (+2).
(NOTES: The weapon’s damage is half-Piercing, half-Energy. The energy damage is of a non-specific energy type that is not subject to energy resistance. If 10 or more needler rounds hit the same target simultaneously, instead of taking the above damage, the target instead takes 6d6 x2 concussive damage. When loaded, the weapon deals 1d6 (Piercing) instead of the normal pistol whip damage).

Called ‘The Porcupine’ by Coreline analists, the El-Hazardian Needler Weapon is an odd creation. It is not known its exact purpose in El-Hazardian military doctrines, but is has been widely believed to be their version of a rear-echelon sub-machine gun. Like all other El-Hazardian weapons, it is loaded with energy crystals, but this weapon physically fires said crystals instead of powering the weapon’s systems. The loading port in the back exposes a part of the crystals to the air, giving it its name (and a rather nasty pistol whip).



NEW WEAPON:

SalCo. C-2114 Spider Mine Launcher.



Damage: None.
Critical: None.
Range Increment: 50 ft.
Rate Of Fire: S.
Magazine: 4 Cyl.
Size: Large.
Weight: 14 lb.
Purchase DC: 18.
Restriction: Mil (+3).

An infantry-adapted version of the Vulture Spider Mine Deployment System, it was designed in mind to provide a rapid perimeter defense and area denial option. Although it appears like a common revolver-style grenade launcher, it has a number of differences that can be easily seen, such as box-shaped ‘chambers’, red detailing and a laser designator. In reality, the boxes (which are launched by the weapon, and fall apart once they clear the barrel) have Spider Mines inside, which extend to their full size in mid-flight (reducing the time they take to deploy to the same round they were launched). The loaded Mines instantly accept the command of the integral laser designator.




















