New Weapons Gadgets

Auto-Fire Targeting
Firearms with this gadget contain an array of range-finding lasers and computerized targeting sensors in the barrel, automatically providing trajectory correction with every shot. During the first round of combat in which the weapon is fired, auto-fire targeting only calculates range data and provides no benefit. Every round thereafter in which the weapon is fired, the attacker gets a +1 equipment bonus on the gun’s attack rolls and any range penalty is reduced by 1.
Restrictions: Firearms only.
Purchase DC Modifier: +2. (Only on specialized DiggersTech facilities).

Efficient Burst
This gadget allows an automatic firearm to shoot just 3 bullets in burst fire rather than the standard 5.
Restrictions: Ranged weapons capable of autofire (besides submachine guns).
Purchase DC Modifier: +1.

(Slightly Modified from SRD-R&R Badly Needed)
Expanded Magazine
A weapon with this gadget doubles its normal magazine capacity. The weapon’s weight is increased by an amount equal to the extra ammunition in the magazine.
Restrictions: Ranged weapons only.
Purchase DC Modifier: +2.

Improved Durability
Some weapons are made tougher than others. A weapon with this modification gains +2 hardness, DC to break, and hit points.
Restrictions: None.
Purchase DC Modifier: +1.

Improved Range
A gun barrel with superior rifling or carefully balanced extended length shoots projectiles further and on a smoother flight course. A firearm with this modification increases its range increment by +10 ft.
Restrictions: Ranged weapons (handgun, longarm, or heavy weapon) only.
Purchase DC Modifier: +1.

Improved Concealment
Some weapons are designed with a smoother surface, thinner profile, and less noticeable protrusions. A weapon with this modification provides a +2 equipment bonus on Sleight of Hand checks to conceal it from visual or manual searches.
Restrictions: Weapons that are capable of being concealed only.
Purchase DC Modifier: +1.

Mastercraft Weapon
Some weapons are made better than others, and the best of the best are unique works of art. A mastercraft weapon, depending on its quality, grants a +1, +2, or +3 bonus on attack rolls or damage rolls (never both). Alternatively, the weapon’s critical threat range can be increased by +1, +2, or +3. Mastercraft +1 weapons are common enough to be found for sale in better markets, but +2 or +3 weapons are almost always custom jobs and are rarely found openly for sale.
Purchase DC Modifier: +3 (Mastercraft +1), +5 (Mastercraft +2), +10 (Mastercraft +3).

Flak Loader:
It allows the weapon to use Flak Ammunition, ammo made from scrap metal and easy to find chemicals (DC 15 survival or search check to find materials in a reasonable environment, DC 10 craft [chemical] check to create the ammo with a Flak Kit). However, Flak Ammunition is crude by the best standards, and an attack roll of ‘1’ will cause the weapon to jam, DC 15 repair or craft (mechanical) check and 1d4+1 rounds to clear the jam.
Restrictions: Only to Ranged Weapons with Chemical Propellants (Pistols, SMGs, Heavy Weapons).
Purchase DC Modifier: +1 (Only on Hakubi Customs Locals).

Armor Gadgets

Mastercraft Armor
Some armors are made better than others, and the best of the best are unique works of art. A mastercraft armor, depending on its quality, increases its bonus to Defense by +1, +2, or +3. Mastercraft +1 armors are common enough to be found for sale in better markets, but +2 or +3 armors are almost always custom jobs and are rarely found openly for sale.
Purchase DC Modifier: +3 (Mastercraft +1), +5 (Mastercraft +2), +10 (Mastercraft +3).

TAGGER-TRACKER

The weapon has been modified with an integral mini-computer (or has had any computer it already had installed adapted), and the ammo it packs now has integral nano-sized maneuvering thrusters and a dual-function radio system that can equally designate the bullet as a target and make the bullet follow the signal.
The user designates at any time one of the magazine's bullets as a 'tagger' and fires it as normal. If it hits its intended target, the rest of the bullets will be 'trackers', obtaining a +4 to hit aganist the 'tagged' target. If any of the bullets miss, they can turn around and attack again, on the user's initiative (the bullets have enough fuel to do so for two rounds).
The bullets can only track one 'tagger' bullet at a time, so if the bonus is to be obtained aganist another target, the user must fire another 'tagger' bullet.
Rumors abound on Coreline of Tagger-Tracker systems with an integral 'defense' mode, on which the bullets will fly around a tagged target and attack anything that moves into a designated perimeter (these bullets will fly up to five rounds after fired, and will attack on their own initiative. They will attack ANYTHING on the zone, so smart users will stay well away from the tagged area).
The DC Modifier given affects both the weapon and the bullets.
Restrictions: Ranged Projectile Weapons only.
Purchase DC Modifier: +2 (Standard Tagger-Tracker system), +3 (Tagger-Tracker System with 'defense' mode).





